Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for finding
the time to come and join me for our  presentation. You will not regret
coming to us today!
My name is Baymetov Eduard. I am general manager sales of
“GameSet Product Company”. Our company produces limited-edition
snacks and drinks from popular works of the cinema and gaming industry.
So, I’ve invited you here today to tell you about the exclusive limited
edition soon-to-be-released series of Nuka Cola drinks from the famous
Fallout game franchise.
But before I start, If you have any questions, please feel free to
interrupt me. My speech won't take long, so If you don’t mind, I’ll get
straight to the point.
So, I’ve invited you here today to introduce you about the exclusive
limited edition soon-to-be-released series of Nuka Cola drinks from the
famous Fallout game franchise. This is a cult item that has become one of the most recognizable symbols not only among fans of the game, but also those who have just at least heard of it. By analogy with the game, the taste of the original version is almost the same as the real Cola. But it's trick lies in the abundance of various exotic flavors such as Quantum, Yellow, Quartz, Wild, Dark and many others. We will bring the most interesting ones to life.
Slogan of our product: “A drink that will blow up your emotions.”
We will sell it in the form exactly as in the game maintaining the
concept: In glass bottles shaped like a rocket with iconic tin lids.
Our target audience is fans of the series, which has been popular for decades, as well as ordinary interested buyers.
In order to promote our product, we will not show advertisements on TV because these days it is mostly watched by either young children or elderly people, who are less likely to buy our product.  Therefore, first of all, we will coordinate our product with our main partner, the creator of the game - “Bethesda game studios” which will make an announcement on the Fallout 76 online servers and maybe even on the main page of the Steam - official dealer of the game.
The next stage will be collaboration with popular bloggers on
YouTube, streamers on twitch. We will advertise in various popular media communities and also we plan to make stands and billboards like in the game.
Eventually we plan to make a significant profit from the beverage sales and get a lot of positive vibes, maybe make a regular product release
Thank you very much for your attention, that’s all I wanted to say. Please feel free to ask questions.